boards: add Radiolink PIX6 (#25562)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/flight_controller/radiolink_pix6.md

:::

## Quick Summary

- Processor
  - 32-bit ARM Cortex M7 core with DPFPU - STM32F765VIT6
  - 216 MHz/512 KB RAM/2 MB Flash
  - 32-bit IOMCU co-processor - STM32F100
  - 32KB FRAM - FM25V02A
  - AT7456E OSD
- Sensors
  - Bosh BMI088 IMU (accel, gyro)
  - InvenSense ICM-42688 IMU (accel, gyro)
  - SPA06 barometer
  - IST8310 magnetometer
- Power
  - SMBUS/I2C Power Module Inputs (I2C)
  - voltage and current monitor inputs (Analog)
- Interfaces
  - 16 PWM Outputs with independent power rail for external power source
  - 5x UART serial ports, 2 with HW flow control
  - Camera Input and Video Output
  - PPM/SBUS input, DSM/SBUS input
  - RSSI (PWM or voltage) input
  - I2C, SPI, 2x CAN, USB
  - 3.3V and 6.6V ADC inputs
  - Buzzer and Safety Switch
  - microSD card
- Weight and Dimensions:
  - Weight 80g
  - Size 94mm x 51.5mm x 14.5mm

## Where to Buy

[Radiolink Amazon](https://www.radiolink.com.cn/pix6_where_to_buy)（International users）

[Radiolink Taobao](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a21dvs.23580594.0.0.1d292c1bNMdSqV&ft=t&id=815993357068&skuId=5515756705284)（China Mainland user）

## Connector assignments

### Top View

> ![Pix6 top view](../../assets/flight_controller/radiolink_pix6/top_view.png)

Author: The RC In port connected to the IO board.

> ![Pix6 top view](../../assets/flight_controller/radiolink_pix6/top_view.png)

Reviewer: Great. The radio section is good.

### Left View

![Pix6 left view](../../assets/flight_controller/radiolink_pix6/left_view.png)

### Right View

![Pix6 right view](../../assets/flight_controller/radiolink_pix6/right_view.png)

### Rear View

![Pix6 rear view](../../assets/flight_controller/radiolink_pix6/rear_view.png)

## Pinouts

> Unless noted otherwise all connectors are JST GH.

Reviewer: Power ports aren't JST GH and that is not marked.

Reviewer: Up to you. You could just add a note here like (assuming this is true)

```suggestion
All connectors are JST GH except the power ports, which are HY2.0-6
```

If it is not true - e.g. if you have a USB or something else, I'd add a note above the section for the respective pinouts (and leave this as it is)

| 5   | VCC    | +5V   |
| 6   | VIN    | +3.3V |

### I2C port

| Pin | Signal | Volt            |
| --- | ------ | --------------- |
| 1   | VCC    | +5V             |
| 2   | SCL    | +3.3V (pullups) |
| 3   | SDA    | +3.3V (pullups) |
| 4   | GND    | GND             |

### CAN1, CAN2 ports

| Pin | Signal | Volt |
| --- | ------ | ---- |
| 1   | VCC    | +5V  |
| 2   | CAN_H  | +12V |
| 3   | CAN_L  | +12V |
| 4   | GND    | GND  |

### GPS1 port

| Pin | Signal  | Volt  |
| --- | ------- | ----- |
| 1   | VCC     | +5V   |
| 2   | TX(OUT) | +3.3V |
| 3   | RX(IN)  | +3.3V |
| 4   | SCL     | +3.3V |
| 5   | SDA     | +3.3V |
| 6   | GND     | GND   |

### GPS2 Port

| Pin | Signal  | Volt  |
| --- | ------- | ----- |
| 1   | VCC     | +5V   |
| 2   | TX(OUT) | +3.3V |
| 3   | RX(IN)  | +3.3V |
| 4   | SCL     | +3.3V |
| 5   | SDA     | +3.3V |
| 6   | GND     | GND   |

### SPI

| Pin | Signal    | Volt  |
| --- | --------- | ----- |
| 1   | VCC       | +5V   |
| 2   | SPI_SCK   | +3.3V |
| 3   | SPI_MISO  | +3.3V |
| 4   | SPI_MOSI  | +3.3V |
| 5   | !SPI_NSS1 | +3.3V |
| 6   | !SPI_NSS2 | +3.3V |
| 7   | DRDY      | +3.3V |
| 8   | GND       | GND   |

> ### POWER1

Reviewer: Do you have a recommended power module?

Author: We have our own power modules, and we also support power modules from other manufacturers, such as CUAV and Holybro.
<img width="1336" height="783" alt="power modules" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/479892b9-131f-487e-ae0f-dca63b738c1b" />

Author: This picture shows our own power module

Reviewer: You might want to add a section then stating "recommended accessories". It is also common to have a section on powering the board that covers the recommended setup.

| Pin | Signal  | Volt  |
| --- | ------- | ----- |
| 1   | USB VDD | +5V   |
| 2   | DM      | +3.3V |
| 3   | DP      | +3.3V |
| 4   | GND     | GND   |

### SWITCH

| Pin | Signal         | Volt  |
| --- | -------------- | ----- |
| 1   | VCC            | +3.3V |
| 2   | !IO_LED_SAFETY | GND   |
| 3   | SAFETY         | GND   |

### Buzzer port

| Pin | Signal  | Volt |
| --- | ------- | ---- |
| 1   | VCC     | +5V  |
| 2   | BUZZER- | +5V  |

### Spektrum/DSM Port

| Pin | Signal | Volt  |
| --- | ------ | ----- |
| 1   | VCC    | +3.3V |
| 2   | GND    | GND   |
| 3   | Signal | +3.3V |

### Debug port

| Pin | Signal    | Volt  |
| --- | --------- | ----- |
| 1   | VCC       | +5V   |
| 2   | FMU_SWCLK | +3.3V |
| 3   | FMU_SWDIO | +3.3V |
| 4   | TX(UART7) | +3.3V |
| 5   | RX(UART7) | +3.3V |
| 6   | IO_SWCLK  | +3.3V |
| 7   | IO_SWDIO  | +3.3V |
| 8   | GND       | GND   |

## Building Firmware

To [build PX4](../dev_setup/building_px4.md) for this target:

```
make radiolink_PIX6_default
```

## Installing PX4 Firmware

The firmware can be installed in any of the normal ways:

- Build and upload the source

  ```sh
  make radiolink_PIX6_default upload
  ```

> - [Load the firmware](../config/firmware.md) using _QGroundControl_.

Reviewer: What version? Presumably this will be in main only until v1.17 is released? We should say that here.

Author: Thank you very much.

| Parameter                                                            | Setting                                                                                                                 |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [SYS_HAS_MAG](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#SYS_HAS_MAG) | This should be disabled since the board does not have an internal mag. You can enable it if you attach an external mag. |

### Powering the PIX6

The PIX6 has 2 dedicated power monitor ports, each with a 6 pin connector.
One is the Analog power monitor (`POWER1`), and the others is the I2C power monitor (`POWER2`).

The power module that comes with the flight controller with a wide voltage input range of 2-12S (7.4-50.4V), a maximum detection current of 90A (single ESC maximum detection current is 22.5A), a BEC output voltage of 5.3±0.2V, and a BEC output current of 2A.

![Radiolink power modules MODULES](../../assets/flight_controller/radiolink_pix6/radiolink_power_modules.png)

> The PIX6 also supports power modules from other manufacturers, such as [holybro_pm02d](../power_module/holybro_pm02d.md).

Reviewer: FYI I moved this into a generic powering section. You don't link to any power modules for purchase (and state that one is supplied), so no need to put as recommended.
